# Capstone-Machine-Learning-Unsupervised-Netflix-and-Tv-Show-Clustering-

Initially, in the 1st step imported the data set to carry out the analysis over the data set to comprehend the details of available data and Checked for Null values and treated them. Here, we found more than 30% null values in the director's column. Then, we take appropriate action for null values according to the circumstances. Performed the Exploratory data analysis and tried to get the understanding of the data and how the content is distributed in the dataset, its type and details such as which countries are watching more and which type of content is in demand etc. has been analyzed in this step with the help of visualization graph by getting insights from analysis. ❖ Data preprocessing – in this we remove the punctuation and stops words also used stemming to reduce words to their basic form or stem, which may or may not be a legitimate word in the language. ❖ We used the k-means clustering algorithm and then checked the model performance using Silhouette’s coefficient and elbow method to find the number of clusters. Analyzing all the variables of the data set and identifying the solution for given tasks. Performed hypothesis testing to get the insights on duration of movies and content with respect to different variables. After doing feature engineering and finding the number of clusters, we used the k-means algorithm and then checked the model performance using Silhouette’s coefficient, to identify the best fit Model. The number of movies on Netflix is growing significantly faster than the number of TV shows. Because of covid-19, there is a significant drop in the number of movies and television episodes produced after 2019.
